Ok, im ready to start a new feature for my suiteView taskbar app.  Please review the latest code for our project in Project Knowledge. I envision the new feature to have its own module(s).   I would like another button added that says "Windows".  When this button is clicked a menu shows up which lists all of the current windows open, visible or invisible.  I only want to see relevant windows, that is windows for apps that ive opened like Word, Excel, Teams, Notepad, Chrome, File Explorer and so one.  I would like the list to be organized but app were approprieate.  For exampl, if i have mulitp0le workbooks open in Excel, I want to see EXCEL as the main line and the all the workbooks listed under it.  Same for Notepad or chrome or word, etc...  I want the list to be interactive in that if i click on an item it will toggle between hidding and unhidding the window, and the list item color should be different to indicate if that window is currently hidden or visible.  If i double click an item i want that window to close immediately.  If i double click a header like "Excel"  I want all the excel workbooks to close immediately (no askign for saving or anything like that). As windows are hidden and unhidden, the list item color should be upateded (please user our color theme).  And as windows are closed and opened the list should automatically update.   Please keep the look and feel and color scheme of the menu consistant with the other menus.  I also want the ability to pin and unpin windows.  Pinning a window should move it to a new column that is titled "Pinned".  Otherwise the structure of the windows in the Pinned column should be the same as the first column.  A pinned window should be allowed to be unpinned which will put it back with the rest of the windows in the original main column.  And then i want to have a "Show Pinned" button and a "Show All" button at the bottom of the whole menu.  When the Show Pinned button is clicked all the pinned windows become visible and all unpinned windows become invisible.  When i click the Show All button all the windows that were not mannually pinned will become visible.  Let me say that again - if the user specifically clicks a window to hide it, that window should remain hidden until they click it to unhide it. Im trying to create a feature that will let me easily manager many open windows so it can display only what im working on at the time.  Before you start writing code, Please review the code in Product Knowledge first, then let me now if what im askign for will be too difficult to implement.  And let me know if you have any questions about what im generally trying to achieve. thanks